Add tutorial about Shoot creation into existing AWS VPC (#50)
gardener/documentation: website/documentation/050-tutorials/content/howto/create-shoot-into-existing-aws-vpc/_index.md

Default region name [None]: <DEFAULT_REGION>
Default output format [None]: <DEFAULT_OUTPUT_FORMAT>
```

### 2. Create VPC

```bash
$ aws ec2 create-vpc --cidr-block <cidr-block>
{
  "Vpc": {
      "VpcId": "vpc-ff7bbf86",
      "InstanceTenancy": "default",
      "Tags": [],
      "CidrBlockAssociations": [
          {
              "AssociationId": "vpc-cidr-assoc-6e42b505",
              "CidrBlock": "10.0.0.0/16",
              "CidrBlockState": {
                  "State": "associated"
              }
          }
      ],
      "Ipv6CidrBlockAssociationSet": [],
      "State": "pending",
      "DhcpOptionsId": "dopt-38f7a057",
      "CidrBlock": "10.0.0.0/16",
      "IsDefault": false
  }
}
```

### 3. Create Internet Gateway

Gardener also requires that an internet gateway is attached to the VPC. You can create one using:

```bash
$ aws ec2 create-internet-gateway
{
    "InternetGateway": {
        "Tags": [],
        "InternetGatewayId": "igw-c0a643a9",
        "Attachments": []
    }
}
```

and attach it to the VPC using:

```bash
$ aws ec2 attach-internet-gateway --internet-gateway-id igw-c0a643a9 --vpc-id vpc-ff7bbf86
```

### 4. Create the Shoot

> Prepare your Shoot manifest (you could check the examples in https://github.com/gardener/gardener/tree/master/example). Put your VPC id to `.spec.cloud.aws.networks.vpc.id`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prepare your Shoot manifest (you could check the [example](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/tree/master/example) manifests). Put your VPC id in `.spec.cloud.aws.networks.vpc.id`:
```
